 Leelvis non-contactInfrared Thermometer
₹999.5

Description
Leelvis non-contact infrared thermometer is designed for top-notch medical use. The thermometer is accurate and helps monitor the temperature of patients with ease. The Leelvis non-contact infrared thermometer is very quick and accurate in detecting high levels of body temperature if it is raised due to some reason. It is very easy to identify and measure the fever condition of a person without direct body contact. In the unprecedented conditions of the COVID -19 pandemic, contactless temperature measuring has become a requirement to look for the first signs of the illness in a person. Leelvis non-contact infrared thermometer is the most effective device to measure the temperature of a person from a safe distance. The thermometer is a multi-utility device as it can not only measure body temperature but also the temperature of objects. The thermometer can measure temperatures in both °C and °F. The easy-to-use one-button thermometer is a very handy device to keep.

Key Benefits
The thermometer is non-contact and can instantly measure the temperature of a person from a distance by simply pointing towards the person and clicking a button.
The thermometer gives an accurate reading through a digital screen, making it easy to read the most accurate reading of the temperature.
The thermometer is very useful for doctors or nurses as it can measure the temperature without coming in contact with an ill patient, preventing the spread of disease.
The non-touch thermometer is very useful to prevent cross-contamination or the spread of disease, which can be enabled by contact.
The thermometer is a hassle-free device to measure the temperature of babies without disturbing them.


Uses
The Leelvis non-contact infrared thermometer is used to accurately measure the temperature of a person from a safe distance without any contact.
The thermometer can also be used to measure the temperature of an object.
It can be used to measure the temperature of a room very quickly.

How to Use
The thermometer can be switched on with the power button.
Once on, the thermometer needs to be pointed towards the patient or object from a distance of not more than 5 cm.
With the click of a button, the temperature will be instantly measured and displayed on the screen.
Safety Information
The thermometer should be stored in a safe place.
The thermometer should not be washed.
It can be cleaned with a soft cloth.